[Music]
well come on honey
just find my son hop find him that's
where I came from
wall and the girl she can't have gone
far
yeah I think maybe she's been abused or
kidnapped or something
she found the bike out there why are you
here maybe you can why do you think I
didn't check my own house
Connie Fraser social services social
services my apologies honey your your
voice sounds different
[Music]
hello
who are you in trouble with bad people
it was my son I know it
[Music]
are you out of your mind I think she
knows what happened to him
we're going back to plan a we're telling
your mom tricity mom was spying on us
are you safe here yeah this is where
will was hiding do I get to you how do i
if i do what should I do
[Music]
it's not well it can't be you said he
was alive why did you lie to us what's
wrong with you whoever you found it's
not my boy there's no will you made me
think well was okay that he was still
out there but he wasn't he wasn't I
don't know what you think that thing is
in there but that is not my son
Joyce wait a second I know it's weird
and she was there one second another him
go ahead who told you to be out there
you just told me to call it in and not
let anybody get too close get close to
what body she's doing this she's fine
that's it that's right
this is Hawkins and this is what is the
upside down like the veil of shadows the
veil of shadows is a dimension that is a
dark reflection or echo of our world a
plain out of face places monsters
[Music]
whatever this thing is it's not
travelling far you want to go out there
meaning if we follow the compasses north
they should lead us to the gate I think
it's something else girl with the
compasses you did it didn't you you
don't want to reach the gate
it's not safe Will's body was a fake
[Music]
[Applause]
look it's woman Terry I've she claims to
have lost her daughter Jane
Terry yeah pretending like Jane is real
he's special born with abilities that's
why the big bad man stole Janeway if you
two wanna what's your time looking for a
traitor
go ahead cuz I'm not spending my time on
her anymore
no way
jump r-truth this here gets an early
trip to the dentist
[Music]
[Applause]
we make history today we make contact
sorry
I have eyes on him now you say blood
draws this thing we don't know your son
Michael is it real danger she had no
hair and she was bleeding from her nose
like a freak was she alone she always
hangs out with those losers look we need
to find them before they do don't worry
is but I think I know
you could reach will you could talk to
him I can find them it's barb okay she's
coming for you we came to an agreement
you ready it was hurt
step away from the child no you water
you have to kill us
[Applause]
[Music]
you